README.MD, before:

#co-op, #TheN4rdDog, #RyanStartedTheFire, #JulioMansilla

#ArtistBlog

#Text-based-RPG

A new fun roleplaying adventure using a text-based style. Many loveable characters will be created, and you will lose yourself in the experience of playing this game. It is still in development, but we are working as hard as we can. The game will feature several boss fights at the end of each stage, and you will be able to level up your characters as you please. Please be sure to check the game out!

#greeting system based off user*


Mars 2020:

prologue
After the great shutdown of 2018 - 2019 the U.S government found itself incapable of building a necessary defensive structure to 
keep out the invading caravans. By April first of 2019 the U.S had been completely overtaken by the numerous invading caravans made
 of "stone cold criminals" The U.S was immediatly made into a lawless waste-land. In a measure to prevent Voter ID Fraud for the 
 2020 election the president decided that the only valid form of identification was tweet from 2016 or earlier that said "MAEK 
 AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!!!" but because of the oddly specific criteria you were the only one who qualified to vote.


					Mechanics
STATS- an entity has 6 different stats with an average of 10 per stat - characters start with a stat 18 or below;

Base stats
str = 10; 
dex = 10; 
con = 10; 
int = 10; 
wis = 10; 
lck = 10; 


attribute Bonus(AB) <(stat-10)/2>
*Add flat damage
*Add AC
*ADD to saves
*Hit points

@creation
HP = 8 + CB
AC = 10 + DB + items + {LB}
MR = CB + (WB * 2) + Items
Mana = WB + (IB * 2)
Attack Bonus = Level + SB
Political Bonus = Blue: (-2 STR, -2 DEX, +2 WIS, +2 INT, 200 Gold, 100 Score) | Red: (+2 STR, +2 DEX, -2 WIS, -2 INT, 100 Gold, 200 Score) | White: (+0 Stats, 9,001 Gold, 9,001 Score)
Gold = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB)
Score = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB)
Inventory[] = Blue: (Tool = Lunar Book, Weapon = Cell Phone, Armor = Space Helmet) | Red: (Tool = Solar Book, Weapon = Drill, Armor = Space Helmet) | White: (Nothing)

@level up
HP = HP + 1D8 + CB
AC = 10 + DB + Items + [LB]
MR = MR + CB + (WB * 2) + Items
Mana = Mana + WB + (IB * 2)
Attack Bonus = Attack Bonus + Level + SB
Political Bonus = (Decisions in the future may affect these numbers)
Gold = N/A
Score = N/A
Inventory[] = N/A

(HP formula) = base health + armor + AB
(MP formula) = intelligence + (luck * 2) + class mana bonus
(AC formula) = HP + class health bonus
level up = stats * LUCKBONUS

chr.example
Attribute Bonus
str = 11; SB = 0;
dex = 17; DB = 3;
con = 13; CB = 1;
int = 18; IB = 4;
wis = 18; WB = 4;
lck = 13; LB = 1;


					Characters:

Cliff - Main Character of Mars 2020. An intelligent wizard who 
almost fell off a cliff when he was a baby, hence his name. He is
the leader of his band of adventurers, and values logic over emotion.
A mix of Spock, Gandalf, and Dumbledore. He fights alongside his
friend Dave the Paladin, and new Warriors, Swift Chris and Beardo
the Berserker. (Potential names/plot)

Base Stats:

Stats: (30 points to spend for Heroes, max is 18 for one category) 
Strength (13) = (+1)
Dexterity (13) = (+1)
Constitution (13) = (+1)
Intelligence (13) = (+1)
Wisdom (13) = (+1)
Luck (13) = (+1)

@creation
HP = 8 + CB (1)
AC = 10 + DB (1) + items + LB (1)
MR = CB (1) + (WB (1) * 2) + Items
Mana = WB (1) + (IB (1) * 2)
Attack Bonus = Level + SB (1)
Political Bonus = Blue: (-2 STR, -2 DEX, +2 WIS, +2 INT, 200 Gold, 100 Score) | Red: (+2 STR, +2 DEX, -2 WIS, -2 INT, 100 Gold, 200 Score) | White: (+0 Stats, 9,001 Gold, 9,001 Score)
Gold = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB (1))
Score = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB (1))
Inventory[] = Blue: (Tool = Lunar Book, Weapon = Cell Phone, Armor = Space Helmet) | Red: (Tool = Solar Book, Weapon = Drill, Armor = Space Helmet) | White: (Nothing)
XP = 0

Red:

Stats:
Strength (18) = (+4)
Dexterity (18) = (+4)
Constitution (14) = (+2)
Intelligence (13) = (+1)
Wisdom (13) = (+1)
Luck (14) = (+2)

@creation
HP = 8 + CB (2)
AC = 10 + DB (4) + items + LB (2)
MR = CB (2) + (WB (1) * 2) + Items
Mana = WB (1) + (IB (1) * 2)
Attack Bonus = Level + SB (4)
Political Bonus = Blue: Red: (+2 STR, +2 DEX, -2 WIS, -2 INT, 100 Gold, 200 Score)
Gold = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB (2))
Score = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB (2))
Inventory[] = Red: (Tool = Solar Book, Weapon = Drill, Armor = Space Helmet)
XP = 0

Blue:

Base Stats:

Stats:
Strength (13) = (+1)
Dexterity (13) = (+1)
Constitution (14) = (+2)
Intelligence (18) = (+4)
Wisdom (18) = (+4)
Luck (14) = (+2)

@creation
HP = 8 + CB (2)
AC = 10 + DB (1) + items + LB (2)
MR = CB (2) + (WB (4) * 2) + Items
Mana = WB (4) + (IB (4) * 2)
Attack Bonus = Level + SB (1)
Political Bonus = Blue: (-2 STR, -2 DEX, +2 WIS, +2 INT, 200 Gold, 100 Score)
Gold = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB (2))
Score = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB (2))
Inventory[] = Blue: (Tool = Lunar Book, Weapon = Cell Phone, Armor = Space Helmet)
XP = 0

Enemies: The enemies of Cliff's band.

Enemy 1: Brute

Stats: (24 points to spend for enemies, max is 16 for one category)
Strength (13) = (+1)
Dexterity (13) = (+1)
Constitution (13) = (+1)
Intelligence (10) = (+0)
Wisdom (10) = (+0)
Luck (13) = (+1)

Enemy 2: Archer

Stats: (24 points to spend for enemies, max is 8 for one category)
Strength (12) = (+1)
Dexterity (12) = (+1)
Constitution (12) = (+1)
Intelligence (12) = (+1)
Wisdom (12) = (+1)
Luck (12) = (+1)

@creation
HP = 8 + CB (1)
AC = 10 + DB (1) + items + LB (1)
MR = CB (1) + (WB (1) * 2) + Items
Mana = WB (1) + (IB (1) * 2)
Attack Bonus = Level + SB (1)
give XP = level * 100
Enemy 3: Caster

Stats: (24 points to spend for enemies, max is 8 for one category)
Strength (10) = (+0)
Dexterity (10) = (+0)
Constitution (13) = (+1)
Intelligence (13) = (+1)
Wisdom (13) = (+1)
Luck (13) = (+1)

Checklist:

Stats []
Characters/Enemies []
Combat []
Story Prologue []
Chapter One []

Combat Stats:

chanceMelee: Level + DB + 1D20 + LC
chanceSpell: Level + WB + 1D20 + LC
damageMelee: Level + SB + 1D20 + LC
damageSpell: Level + IB + 1D20 + LC

LC = LB * sqrt(level);
Example Combat


																            [E1]
																	/	             \	
																   [E2]             [E3]					
																  /     \          /    \
															   [E4]  [E5]	      [E6]    [E7]
															 /  \     /  \	      /  \       /  \				
														 [E8] [E9] [E10] [E11] [E12] [E13] [E14] [E15]

Commit message:

Add first section of story

README.MD, after:

#co-op, #TheN4rdDog, #RyanStartedTheFire, #JulioMansilla

#ArtistBlog

#Text-based-RPG

A new fun roleplaying adventure using a text-based style. Many loveable characters will be created, and you will lose yourself in the experience of playing this game. It is still in development, but we are working as hard as we can. The game will feature several boss fights at the end of each stage, and you will be able to level up your characters as you please. Please be sure to check the game out!

#greeting system based off user*


Mars 2020:

prologue
After the great shutdown of 2018 - 2019 the U.S government found itself incapable of building a necessary defensive structure to 
keep out the invading caravans. By April first of 2019 the U.S had been completely overtaken by the numerous invading caravans made
 of "stone cold criminals" The U.S was immediatly made into a lawless waste-land. In a measure to prevent Voter ID Fraud for the 
 2020 election the president decided that the only valid form of identification was tweet from 2016 or earlier that said "MAEK 
 AMERICA GREAT AGAIN!!!!!" but because of the oddly specific criteria you were the only one who qualified to vote.


					Mechanics
STATS- an entity has 6 different stats with an average of 10 per stat - characters start with a stat 18 or below;

Base stats
str = 10; 
dex = 10; 
con = 10; 
int = 10; 
wis = 10; 
lck = 10; 


attribute Bonus(AB) <(stat-10)/2>
*Add flat damage
*Add AC
*ADD to saves
*Hit points

@creation
HP = 8 + CB
AC = 10 + DB + items + {LB}
MR = CB + (WB * 2) + Items
Mana = WB + (IB * 2)
Attack Bonus = Level + SB
Political Bonus = Blue: (-2 STR, -2 DEX, +2 WIS, +2 INT, 200 Gold, 100 Score) | Red: (+2 STR, +2 DEX, -2 WIS, -2 INT, 100 Gold, 200 Score) | White: (+0 Stats, 9,001 Gold, 9,001 Score)
Gold = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB)
Score = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB)
Inventory[] = Blue: (Tool = Lunar Book, Weapon = Cell Phone, Armor = Space Helmet) | Red: (Tool = Solar Book, Weapon = Drill, Armor = Space Helmet) | White: (Nothing)

@level up
HP = HP + 1D8 + CB
AC = 10 + DB + Items + [LB]
MR = MR + CB + (WB * 2) + Items
Mana = Mana + WB + (IB * 2)
Attack Bonus = Attack Bonus + Level + SB
Political Bonus = (Decisions in the future may affect these numbers)
Gold = N/A
Score = N/A
Inventory[] = N/A

(HP formula) = base health + armor + AB
(MP formula) = intelligence + (luck * 2) + class mana bonus
(AC formula) = HP + class health bonus
level up = stats * LUCKBONUS

chr.example
Attribute Bonus
str = 11; SB = 0;
dex = 17; DB = 3;
con = 13; CB = 1;
int = 18; IB = 4;
wis = 18; WB = 4;
lck = 13; LB = 1;


					Characters:

Cliff - Main Character of Mars 2020. An intelligent wizard who 
almost fell off a cliff when he was a baby, hence his name. He is
the leader of his band of adventurers, and values logic over emotion.
A mix of Spock, Gandalf, and Dumbledore. He fights alongside his
friend Dave the Paladin, and new Warriors, Swift Chris and Beardo
the Berserker. (Potential names/plot)

Base Stats:

Stats: (30 points to spend for Heroes, max is 18 for one category) 
Strength (13) = (+1)
Dexterity (13) = (+1)
Constitution (13) = (+1)
Intelligence (13) = (+1)
Wisdom (13) = (+1)
Luck (13) = (+1)

@creation
HP = 8 + CB (1)
AC = 10 + DB (1) + items + LB (1)
MR = CB (1) + (WB (1) * 2) + Items
Mana = WB (1) + (IB (1) * 2)
Attack Bonus = Level + SB (1)
Political Bonus = Blue: (-2 STR, -2 DEX, +2 WIS, +2 INT, 200 Gold, 100 Score) | Red: (+2 STR, +2 DEX, -2 WIS, -2 INT, 100 Gold, 200 Score) | White: (+0 Stats, 9,001 Gold, 9,001 Score)
Gold = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB (1))
Score = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB (1))
Inventory[] = Blue: (Tool = Lunar Book, Weapon = Cell Phone, Armor = Space Helmet) | Red: (Tool = Solar Book, Weapon = Drill, Armor = Space Helmet) | White: (Nothing)
XP = 0

Red:

Stats:
Strength (18) = (+4)
Dexterity (18) = (+4)
Constitution (14) = (+2)
Intelligence (13) = (+1)
Wisdom (13) = (+1)
Luck (14) = (+2)

@creation
HP = 8 + CB (2)
AC = 10 + DB (4) + items + LB (2)
MR = CB (2) + (WB (1) * 2) + Items
Mana = WB (1) + (IB (1) * 2)
Attack Bonus = Level + SB (4)
Political Bonus = Blue: Red: (+2 STR, +2 DEX, -2 WIS, -2 INT, 100 Gold, 200 Score)
Gold = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB (2))
Score = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB (2))
Inventory[] = Red: (Tool = Solar Book, Weapon = Drill, Armor = Space Helmet)
XP = 0

Blue:

Base Stats:

Stats:
Strength (13) = (+1)
Dexterity (13) = (+1)
Constitution (14) = (+2)
Intelligence (18) = (+4)
Wisdom (18) = (+4)
Luck (14) = (+2)

@creation
HP = 8 + CB (2)
AC = 10 + DB (1) + items + LB (2)
MR = CB (2) + (WB (4) * 2) + Items
Mana = WB (4) + (IB (4) * 2)
Attack Bonus = Level + SB (1)
Political Bonus = Blue: (-2 STR, -2 DEX, +2 WIS, +2 INT, 200 Gold, 100 Score)
Gold = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB (2))
Score = Political Bonus + (1D100 * LB (2))
Inventory[] = Blue: (Tool = Lunar Book, Weapon = Cell Phone, Armor = Space Helmet)
XP = 0

Enemies: The enemies of Cliff's band.

Enemy 1: Brute

Stats: (24 points to spend for enemies, max is 16 for one category)
Strength (13) = (+1)
Dexterity (13) = (+1)
Constitution (13) = (+1)
Intelligence (10) = (+0)
Wisdom (10) = (+0)
Luck (13) = (+1)

Enemy 2: Archer

Stats: (24 points to spend for enemies, max is 8 for one category)
Strength (12) = (+1)
Dexterity (12) = (+1)
Constitution (12) = (+1)
Intelligence (12) = (+1)
Wisdom (12) = (+1)
Luck (12) = (+1)

@creation
HP = 8 + CB (1)
AC = 10 + DB (1) + items + LB (1)
MR = CB (1) + (WB (1) * 2) + Items
Mana = WB (1) + (IB (1) * 2)
Attack Bonus = Level + SB (1)
give XP = level * 100
Enemy 3: Caster

Stats: (24 points to spend for enemies, max is 8 for one category)
Strength (10) = (+0)
Dexterity (10) = (+0)
Constitution (13) = (+1)
Intelligence (13) = (+1)
Wisdom (13) = (+1)
Luck (13) = (+1)

Checklist:

Stats []
Characters/Enemies []
Combat []
Story Prologue []
Chapter One []

Combat Stats:

chanceMelee: Level + DB + 1D20 + LC
chanceSpell: Level + WB + 1D20 + LC
damageMelee: Level + SB + 1D20 + LC
damageSpell: Level + IB + 1D20 + LC

LC = LB * sqrt(level);
Example Combat


																            [E1]
																	/	             \	
																   [E2]             [E3]					
																  /     \          /    \
															   [E4]  [E5]	      [E6]    [E7]
															 /  \     /  \	      /  \       /  \				
														 [E8] [E9] [E10] [E11] [E12] [E13] [E14] [E15] 						

First Section:

When you arrive on Mars, you will be greeted by a guide (who will be the same party as you), and they will explain the backstory and events that have lead up to this point. They will lead you to a path with three branches. The left branch has two inns side by side, the right has a burning building, and the middle one continues on out of sight. If you approach the burning building, there will be a man in a suit standing next to it. If you go up to him and ask him what happened, he will simply say "Ryan". If you ask him what happened more than three times, "We Didn't Start The Fire" will start playing, and you will burn up from being too close to the building for too long. If you approach the inns, you will see that you can stay there. The inn on the left will be for Blue party members, and the one on the right for Red. However, your character doesn't know this. If you are part of the Red party and choose the Blue Inn, your Solar Book will be turned into a Cell Phone. If you try to use this item in combat, it will say "You're not smart enough to use this item." If you are part of the Blue party and choose the Red Inn, your Cell Phone will be turned into a Solar Book. If you try to use this item in combat, it will say "You're not strong enough to use this item.." If you stay at the inn corresponding to your party, you lose 9000 gold, but all bonuses go up by one for your next encounter. You can only stay at these inns once.
